Add some docs about transient and sticky user activation (#20358)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/sticky_activation/index.md

---
title: Sticky activation
slug: Glossary/Sticky_activation
tags:
  - Sticky activation
  - Glossary
  - JavaScript
---

> **Sticky activation** (or "sticky user activation") is a window state that indicates a user has pressed a button, moved a mouse, used a menu, or performed some other user interaction. It is not reset after it has been set initially (unlike {{Glossary("Transient activation")}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sticky activation** (or "sticky user activation") is a window state that indicates a user has pressed a button, moved a mouse, used a menu, or performed some other user interaction. 

A page is considered "user activated" if a user is currently interacting with the page or has completed a touch, pointer, or keyboard interaction since page load. With sticky user activation, if activation is set it is not reset for the duration of the session (unlike {{Glossary("Transient activation")}}).
```

> **Sticky activation** (or "sticky user activation") is a window state that indicates a user has pressed a button, moved a mouse, used a menu, or performed some other user interaction. It is not reset during the frame's lifetime after it has been set initially (unlike {{Glossary("Transient activation")}}).

Reviewer: should we link "window state" and explain what is meant by "frame lifetime"?

Author: "frame lifetime" isn't mentioned in the spec, so I removed it. 
For "window state" I'm not sure where to link to or if there is a formal definition here. I guess it just means that the browser remembers this state per window.

Author: The spec says that "each Window W has a last activation timestamp" but it seems to me that this is more of an internal detail (it is not accessible) that we can refer to in an abstract way as "window state".

---
title: Sticky activation
slug: Glossary/Sticky_activation
tags:
  - Sticky activation
  - Glossary
  - JavaScript
---

> **Sticky activation** (or "sticky user activation") is a window state that indicates a user has pressed a button, moved a mouse, used a menu, or performed some other user interaction. 

Author: ```suggestion
**Sticky activation** (or "sticky user activation") is a window state that indicates a user has pressed a button, moved a mouse, used a menu, or performed some other user interaction.
```
